- # Weekly Standup Meeting
- ## Attendees
- [[Alice Johnson]] - Frontend Developer
- [[Bob Smith]] - Backend Developer
- [[Charlie Brown]] - Product Manager
- ## Agenda
- Progress updates from last week
- Blockers and challenges
- Goals for upcoming week
- ## Updates
- ### Alice's Update
- âœ… Completed user authentication UI
- âœ… Fixed responsive design issues
- ðŸš§ Working on dashboard components
- ðŸš¨ Blocked on API specifications
- ### Bob's Update
- âœ… Implemented user registration endpoint
- âœ… Set up database migrations
- ðŸš§ Working on authentication middleware
- ðŸ’­ Need to discuss rate limiting strategy
- ### Charlie's Update
- âœ… Finalized user stories for next sprint
- âœ… Conducted stakeholder interviews
- ðŸš§ Preparing product requirements document
- ðŸ“‹ Planning user testing sessions
- ## Action Items
- [ ] [[Alice Johnson]] - Get API specs from backend team
- [ ] [[Bob Smith]] - Research rate limiting solutions
- [ ] [[Charlie Brown]] - Schedule user testing sessions
- [ ] All - Review and comment on PRD draft
- ## Next Meeting
- **Date**: [[2025-01-15]]
- **Focus**: Sprint planning and user testing results
- #meeting #standup #team #weekly